# Wong Man Zhong - Project Portfolio Page

## Project: FlashCLI
## Overview
FlashCLI is a command-line flashcard application designed specifically for CS2113 Software Engineering students. It helps students create, manage, and review flashcards efficiently, making it easier to retain important concepts in Java, software design, and coding best practices.

Given below are my contributions to the project
### Summary of Contributions 
- **New Feature**: Added the ability to search for a specific flashcard.
  - What it does: Allows the user to search for flashcards based on either the question or answer or both.
  The search will be automatically global if no deck is selected and local to the deck if one is selected.
  - Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can access specific flashcards
  that is relevant to a specific query they have in mind without going through all the decks/flashcards.
  This provides a quick and convenient way to look for flashcards.
  - Highlights:
  - Credits: ChatGPT for LinkedHashMap handling for global search function
- **New Feature**: Added the ability to save and load flashcard decks.
  - What it does: Saves the decks and flashcards created into a directory when exiting the program.
  Upon startup, the program will extract the saved decks and flashcards from the directory for the user to manipulate
  inside the program. Each deck is saved as its own .txt file. Deleted decks will likewise have their file deleted upon exit. 
  - Justification: This feature improves the product significantly as a user can now retain the decks and flashcards created
  even after closing the program. This allows the user to build off created decks instead of starting from scratch each time.
  This also facilitates sharing of decks between users to enhance the learning experience.
  - Highlights: 
  - Credits: CS2113 iP for introducing saving and loading methods.
- **New Feature**: Added the ability to delete flashcards from a deck.
  - What it does: Removes the flashcard from the deck based on index. This action cannot be undone.
  - Justification: This feature improves the product by allowing the users to remove outdated content or flashcards created by mistake.
  This keeps each deck concise and updated, instead of being cluttered with unnecessary information.
  - Highlights:
  - Credits:
- **New Feature**: Added the ability to view the answer to a specific flashcard.
  - What it does: Shows the answer to the flashcard based on index.
  - Justification: This feature enhances the usability of the application by allowing users to check specific answers 
  without starting a full review or quiz session.
  It supports targeted learning by enabling quick recall and revision of particular concepts,
  which is especially useful when clarifying doubts or revisiting difficult questions.
  - Highlights:
  - Credits:


- Code contributed: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=manz9802&breakdown=true&sort=groupTitle%20dsc&sortWithin=title&since=2025-02-21&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other)
- **Documentation:**
  - User Guide:
    - Added documentation for the features `search`, `delete` and `ans` [#67](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F11-4/tp/pull/67)
  - Developer's Guide:
    - Added implementation details for the `search`, `delete`, `ans` and save/load feature. [#59](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F11-4/tp/pull/59)
    - Added Product Scope in the appendix. [#59](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F11-4/tp/pull/59)
- **Community:**
  - Reported bugs [#67](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F11-4/tp/pull/67) [#60](https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2113-F11-4/tp/pull/60)